[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/README.md

# Kogito Add-Ons

In this package you will find the Add-Ons modules that extend the Kogito Core capabilities. They add 
persistence, monitoring, messaging, and many other features to the Kogito service.

## Add-Ons Catalog

> The following table lists all the add-onss, independent of runtime implementation, supported by the Kogito Community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists all the add-ons, independent of runtime implementation, supported by the Kogito Community:
```

  the capability. It's more a way to differentiate the implementations.

The core add-ons don't have a `runtime` prefix either because they are the bases for the implementation by a runtime, or

> it is a generic implementation that can work either on [Quarkus](../quarkus/addons) or [Spring Boot](../quarkus/addons).

Reviewer: Probably `they are a generic implementation` just to keep it uniform.

2. Do not use any dependencies from Quarkus or Spring Boot in `common` module. Your add-on must only have code to support
   your capability. New dependencies must be added to the [kogito-build](../kogito-build/kogito-build-parent) BOM.
3. Create the same capability under the `addons` module in the runtime module you wish to add support (

>    either [`quarkus`](../quarkus/addons) or [`springboot`](../springboot/addons)). You can choose to give support to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   [`quarkus`](../quarkus/addons) or [`springboot`](../springboot/addons)). You can give support to
```

>    only one of them, just make it clear why and discuss this decision with the community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   one add-on only. Make the reason for your decision clear and discuss this decision with the community.
```

### Add a new Capability Implementation to Kogito

Sometimes, a capability requires a specific implementation. For example, `persistence`. It can be implemented by many

> persistence technologies that can have their specific details. Each implementation can be handled differently based on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
persistence technologies that can have their specific details. Each implementation is handled differently based on
```
